[DOCS] Update Collection metadata docs (#635)
ansible/ansible-builder: docs/collection_metadata.rst

Collection-level dependencies
=============================

When Ansible Builder installs collections into an execution environment, it also installs their controller-side Python or system package dependencies listed by each collection on Galaxy.

For Ansible Builder to find and install collection dependencies, those dependencies must be defined in files in a collection repository.

.. note::

  If present, the files below must be included in the packaged collection on Galaxy.

>   Ansible Builder cannot install dependencies listed in files that are included in the ``build_ignore`` of a collection, because those files are not uploaded to Galaxy.

Reviewer: Galaxy is one possible place to store collection artifacts (next to Automation Hub, a local galaxy_ng, the filesystem ...). This should better say something like:
```suggestion
  Ansible Builder cannot install dependencies listed in files that are included in the ``build_ignore`` of a collection, because those files are not included in the collection artifact.
```
or
```suggestion
  Ansible Builder cannot install dependencies listed in files that are included in the ``build_ignore`` of a collection, because those files are not included in the installed collection.
```

Author: good point, committed the first option as it sounds a bit more general:) thanks

If you are a collection maintainer, make sure the controller-side dependencies are specified and :ref:`verified<verify_collection_metadata>`.

We recommend you to specify paths to dependency files in the ``meta/execution-environment.yml`` file.
Here is an example of its content:

.. code:: yaml

    dependencies:
      python: meta/ee-requirements.txt  # List Python package requirements in the file
      system: meta/ee-bindep.txt  # List system package requirements in the file

If the ``meta/execution-environment.yml`` file is not present, by default, Ansible Builder will expect the dependencies to be defined in:

* the ``requirements.txt`` file in the collection root directory for Python package requirements
* the ``bindep.txt`` file in the collection root directory for system package requirements

> 

Reviewer: I would maybe add an paragraph saying that if the collection contains testing dependencies in `requirements.txt` (there are quite a few collections which do that!), it is important to have `meta/execution-environment.yml` that specifies another Python dependency file, since these testing dependencies should likely not be installed in all EEs that contain this collection.

Author: Good point, added a note, PTAL
